What's the trouble with you poor assistant?
This Mr. Lu bid 10 million
Are you kidding?
Open the topic
The adverb is the director of the board
This painting means a lot to me
I must have him
Why the Warriors?
I know I shouldn't mean to take your life
My Identity
I'm mad I didn't recognize it so early
If Master Lin were someone else
Would you like him?
Whoever Master Lin is
I only like his words
So?
You just like my words
cranky
I only like one person for you
Assistant Lu
This is not your little couple's love and scolding
Pretty place
Inside the exhibition
I'm afraid no one can control what I want to do
Arrogant and shameless
Don't buy it, go home and ask questions
This painting means something different.
I'll take it.
Beat the swollen face and make the fat man
I'd like to see if you two can't come up with the money later
What's the shame?
10 million for the last time
It's a deal!
Why give it to him?
This painting is my Miss Lin
Where did you get the confidence to be so arrogant?
Can you swipe your card and take a picture of something for me?
We give it to you
Hey, don't go
I'll return this painting to you when I cut it into waste paper